Editorial improvements for #646 (#660)
ArcadeAI/docs: app/en/guides/agent-frameworks/vercelai/page.mdx

# Build an AI Chatbot with Arcade and Vercel AI SDK

> The [Vercel AI SDK](https://sdk.vercel.ai/) is a TypeScript toolkit for building AI-powered applications. It provides streaming responses, framework-agnostic support for React, Next.js, Vue, and more, plus switching between AI providers. This guide uses **Vercel AI SDK v6**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Vercel AI SDK](https://sdk.vercel.ai/) is a TypeScript toolkit for building AI-powered applications. It provides streaming responses, framework-agnostic support for React, Next.js, Vue, and more, plus AI provider switching. This guide uses **Vercel AI SDK v6**.
```

#### Create the Chat component

> The `Conversation` component handles auto-scrolling, `Message` handles role-based styling, and [`MessageResponse` renders markdown automatically](https://ai-sdk.dev/elements/components/message#features). The implementation just needs to check for Arcade's `authorization_required` flag in tool results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Conversation` component handles auto-scrolling, `Message` handles role-based styling, and [`MessageResponse` renders markdown automatically](https://ai-sdk.dev/elements/components/message#features). The implementation checks for Arcade's `authorization_required` flag in tool results:
```

              .join("");

>             // Skip empty messages without auth prompts

Reviewer: @cursoragent let's not skip this section. I don't know why it decided to. Please add it back
